---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "git_commit Resource - terraform-provider-git"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A git commit.
---

# git_commit (Resource)

A git commit.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) The git branch to commit to.
- `url` (String) The URL of the git repository. Must be http, https, or ssh.

### Optional

- `add` (Block List) A file to add. Contains a path and the file content. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--add))
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) An authentication block for connecting to the git provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth))
- `delete_message` (String) The commit message to use on delete.
- `message` (String) The git commit message.
- `prune` (Boolean)
- `remove` (Block List) A file to remove. Contains the file path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--remove))
- `update_message` (String) The commit message to use on update.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `new` (Boolean) A boolean to indicate if the commit is newly created.
- `sha` (String) The git sha of the commit.

<a id="nestedblock--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add`

Required:

- `content` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Optional:

- `basic` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth--basic))
- `bearer` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth--bearer))
- `ssh_key` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth--ssh_key))

<a id="nestedblock--auth--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String)

Optional:

- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--auth--bearer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.bearer`

Required:

- `token` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--auth--ssh_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.ssh_key`

Optional:

- `known_hosts` (List of String)
- `password` (String)
- `private_key_path` (String)
- `private_key_pem` (String)
- `username` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--remove"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remove`

Required:

- `path` (String)
